README.md, before:

# veworld-mobile

# Environment setup

I order to run this project install the following dependencies:

**Global Dependencies**

```
- Homebrew
- Node - v18.12.1
- Ruby - v2.7.5
```

**Platform specific**

iOS:

Download Xcode form the Mac AppStore

```
- Xcode - v14.2
```

**Android**

```
- JDK - zulu11
- Android Studio
```

Follow the official React Native [documentation](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup) for detailed explenation and additional steps.

#

# Git Conventions

### Convential commits

Read more [here](./docs/conventioanl_commits.md)


# Testing 

This project uses [Detox](https://wix.github.io/Detox/docs/introduction/getting-started/) for E2E tests. Read more [here](./docs/detox.md)


# Translation

- To add new translation strings just add them to `src/i18n/en/index.ts` or any other language that you need i.e. `src/i18n/it/index.ts`.

- To add a new language add a new directory in `src/i18n` and name the folder with the desired language code i.e. `src/i18n/es` for spanish.

To configure all changes after you finish just run `yarn typesafe-i18n` to auto generate new types.

Commit message:

docs(global): add instructions for running the project

README.md, after:

# veworld-mobile

# Environment setup

I order to run this project install the following dependencies:

**Global Dependencies**

```
- Homebrew
- Node - v18.12.1
- Ruby - v2.7.5
```

**Platform specific**

iOS:

Download Xcode form the Mac AppStore

```
- Xcode - v14.2
```

**Android**

```
- JDK - zulu11
- Android Studio
```


# Run the project


The first time you clone the repo you need to do: 

```js
- yarn install
- npx pod-install
```

then on every other time:

### iOS
```js
- yarn start
- yarn ios
```


### Android

``` js
- yarn start
- yarn android
```


Follow the official React Native [documentation](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup) for detailed explenation and additional steps.

#

# Git Conventions

### Convential commits

Read more [here](./docs/conventioanl_commits.md)


# Testing 

This project uses [Detox](https://wix.github.io/Detox/docs/introduction/getting-started/) for E2E tests. Read more [here](./docs/detox.md)


# Translation

- To add new translation strings just add them to `src/i18n/en/index.ts` or any other language that you need i.e. `src/i18n/it/index.ts`.

- To add a new language add a new directory in `src/i18n` and name the folder with the desired language code i.e. `src/i18n/es` for spanish.

To configure all changes after you finish just run `yarn typesafe-i18n` to auto generate new types.
